translation is the process by which the
information contained in messenger RNA
is used to direct the synthesis of a
polypeptide this information is carried
in the sequence of bases on the
messenger RNA molecule the polypeptide
can be assembled once RNA binds to a
ribosome ribosomes consist of large and
small subunits the large subunit
has two binding sites for transfer RNA
the P and a sites transfer RNA carries
an amino acid which will be incorporated
into the polypeptide its anticodon is a
triplet complementary to the codon on
messenger RNA that specifies that
particular amino acid
a ribosome assembles on the start codon
Aug
transfer RNA with the anticodon UAC and
carrying the amino acid methionine binds
to the codon
the transfer RNA is in the P site of the
ribosome the a site is available for a
second transfer RNA with an anticodon
complimentary to the second messenger
RNA triplet
the amino acid care
and transfer RNA binds to the methionine
the first transfer RNA leaves the p-site
and the second transfer RNA moves
they're still bound to messenger RNA
this brings the third messenger RNA
codon to the now-empty a site and the
appropriate transfer RNA can bind to it
the third amino acid is added to the
chain and translocation occurs once
again this process of polypeptide chain
elongation continues until a stop codon
is reached a release factor binds to the
a site
it carries no amino acid but facilitates
release of the polypeptide and the
messenger RNA from the ribosome
you